Dask on Ray version documentation update (#16905)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/dask-on-ray.rst

workload. Using the Dask-on-Ray scheduler, the entire Dask ecosystem can be executed on top of Ray.

.. note::

>   We always ensure the latest Dask versions are compatible to the Ray nightly.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
  We always ensure that the latest Dask versions are compatible with Ray nightly.
```
